
Jason is from Boise, Idaho and the other two interviewees are from Frankfort, Kentucky. They are all based in the U.S. Jason is married with two kids (8 year old girl and 5 year old boy) and they own their home. They recently paid off their mortgage with an inheritance. They are looking to see a financial planner to help them with retirement plans. Their household income is 115K before taxes and 95K after taxes. They have no liabilities except for a student loan of $5K which Jason plans to pay off. They paid off all their credit card debt last week and before the inheritance, their credit card balance was 17K. They have been paying above the minimum balance to try to get the balance down.

Shawn and Jason discussed their financial situation, which includes a recently paid-off mortgage, a student loan of $5,000, a 401K balance of $112,000, and a wife's IRA. They also discussed an inheritance of $75,000 in cash and a property in Idaho worth nearly a million dollars, as well as stocks that Jason had purchased while in the military 35 years ago, now worth around $500,000. They discussed the importance of planning for retirement and maximizing their assets, and the need to hire a professional to ensure that they are doing things correctly.
Jason and his wife recently received an unexpected inheritance of 75k, which they have since reduced to 50k and have kept in a bank account. They are considering investing this money and have begun to explore options such as mutual funds, ETFs and a 529 plan. They also plan to consult a financial planner to help them make the best decisions for their retirement. Jason's FICO score is 780 and he is currently contributing 7% to his 401k, but is considering increasing this to 15% to take advantage of the employer match of up to 5k per year.

Jason is considering opening his own business in the new year and is currently writing grants for a living. He is also looking to invest in a 401k and is currently putting in 7% with an employer match of 5%, which would bring the total to 12%. Shawn then explains a product which provides a cash advance to maximize the 401k match, which would be 8% from Jason and 10% from the employer. This would amount to an extra $500 per month from the employer, and the cash advance would cover the $750 Jason would have to put in. The funds would go straight to Jason and the product uses an API to verify that Jason has increased his match to 15% on a monthly basis.

In an interview transcript, Jason and Shawn discussed a 401K stipulation that allows an individual to access funds from their employer. Jason was curious about the interest rate, contractual obligation, and other details. Shawn explained that the credit limit would be around $9,000 and there would be a $10 monthly fee. The interest rate would be 3-4% lower than a credit card and payments would be a minimum of 5-10% of the balance. Shawn also mentioned that the service could be paused if needed and payments could be made when convenient.

Jason experienced financial difficulty due to his son's health issues, and was considering a cash advance to cover the bills. He was interested in a product that would provide a stopgap of 750 dollars in cash advance for a couple of months, and was reassured by the fact that his 401k would still be making money. He would be willing to pay $10 a month for peace of mind, and would recommend it to his co-workers and on his LinkedIn page. The best way to market to someone like Jason is through mail, Facebook, Google, and social ads.